RC: Throughput section changes (#3174)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/databases/create-database.md

Databases with search and query enabled use the number of shards to determine throughput. To determine how many shards you need for your database, use the [sizing calculator](https://redis.com/modules/redis-search/redisearch-sizing-calculator/).

> We assume a typical workload that includes a different mix of commands and an average key and value size of 1KB. Therefore, your actual throughput be higher or lower than the throughput you set when you create your database. The following properties can affect your database's throughput:

Author: ```suggestion
We assume a typical workload that includes a different mix of commands and an average key and value size of 1KB. Therefore, your actual throughput may be higher or lower than the throughput you set when you create your database. The following properties can affect your database's throughput:
```

- **Command complexity**: O(N) and O(log(N)) commands will take more time than O(1) commands, and will affect throughput accordingly.

> - **Key and value sizing**: If your database's keys and values are very large, setting and reading those keys may take more time and affect throughput. If these are lower than the typical workload, the actual throughput might be higher than expected.

Reviewer: @NoamSternRedis I'm not sure we wanna say that

- **Replication**: Using [multi-zone replication]({{<relref "rc/databases/configuration/high-availability">}}) affects throughput as each write operation is executed asynchronously in each zone.
- **Security**: Some security options, such as [transport layer security]({{< relref "/rc/security/database-security/tls-ssl" >}}), may affect throughput.

> - **Number of client connections**: The number of client connections affects throughput. As connections to the database increase, the throughput decreases.

Reviewer: That is incorrect. Number of client connections can affect performance both ways (higher throughput / lower throughput and same for latencies).

Author: In that case, how about this:
```suggestion
- **Number of client connections**: The number of client connections affects throughput. If the number of client connections is higher or lower than expected, throughput may be affected accordingly.
```

Reviewer: mmm still not what we want to say.
I suggest something like:
- **Number of client connections**: The number of client connections affects throughput. Increasing or decreasing the number of client connections can result in higher or lower throughput.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Number of client connections**: The number of client connections affects throughput. Increasing or decreasing the number of client connections can result in higher or lower throughput.
```
